# Stockholm Research Center Board Meeting - Agenda

Stockholm, 8 July 2019

## Agenda

1. Opening of the meeting
   1. The meeting was opened at 18:26
   2. Present are: Fernando Via Canel, Iris Schaffer, Leandro Ostera, Malin Männikkö, Pontus Nagy.
  
2. Topics:
   1. The Structure of SRC
      1. [The notes](agenda.md#2i-the-structure-of-src) were reviewed.
      2. The structure of SRC was agreed upon.
      3. It was agreed to add more documentation on the areas of 
         - PR / Marketing / Community Management,
         - Finances,
         - Legal,
         - IT,
         - and Administrative.
      4. It was agreed to use Github issues to track progress on the above items.
         
   2. Readying the Finances of SRC
      1. The current movements were reviewed.
      2. The Swedish form for tax reports for not for profits was reviewed as a group.
      3. Fernando Via Canel was appointed as Treasurer for Stockholm Research Center for the fiscal year of 2019.
      4. Looking for accounting software, it was decided to evaluate [Bokio](https://www.bokio.se/) and book a meeting with them. Bokio was brought up as an option as they are a Swedish company, offer free of charge accounting software, and support non for profits.
      5. It was agreed to add a description of what the Treasurer role entails to SRC's AoA.
   
   3. Guidelines for Spending and Expensing
      1. It was agreed to create a budget for the next meeting.
      2. The board agreed to the following:
         1. All expenses have to be within the budget which will be approved in the next meeting, and must contribute towards the goals of Stockholm Research Center.
         2. Expenses below 1000sek do only require approval of one board member.
         3. Expenses of 1000sek or above require approval by at least two board members.
         4. The company credit card may only be used by the President.
         5. Expenses are to be submitted to the Treasurer, in a form that will be decided during the next meeting.
      3. It was agreed to move the above rules to documentation in this repository.
      
   4. Amendments to Articles of Association
      1. It was suggested to remove the membership fee as condition for membership (**§ 10 Membership Fee** of the [Articles of Association](https://github.com/SRC-technology/SRC/blob/master/core/articles-of-association.md#the-source-code-articles-of-association)).
      2. It was suggested to explicitly define that membership is an active relationship with SRC.
      2. It was suggested to add the role of _Supporters_, who are not considered Members, but are welcome to support SRC by means of donations.
      3. It was suggested to use pull request reviews with 100% approval from the board as a means of amending the Articles of Association in the future.
      4. It was decided to hold an extraordinary AGM in the beginning of August 2019.

3. Additional issues
   1. Membership: It was agreed to add documentation on what being a member entails, including benefits (such as voting rights, possibly an SRC.technology email address) and responsibilities.
   2. Pontus Nagy was appointed Community Manager of SRC's discord channel.
   
4. Summary of action points to be completed before the next meeting
   1. Leandro Ostera to create GitHub issues for documenting the points outlined in 2.i.c., 2.ii.e, 2.iii.b and 3.i.
   2. Fernando Via Canel to book a meeting with Bokio (2.ii.d).
   3. Leandro Ostera to move all receipts of expenses to date to a Google Drive folder.
   4. Leandro Ostera to create an email group which expenses are to be sent to.
   5. Fernando Via Canel to propose a budget (see 2.iii.a).
   6. Fernando Via Canel to define how expenses are to be submitted to the Treasurer (see 2.iii.c).
   7. Iris Schaffer to send out invitations to AGM and put together an agenda (see 2.iv).
4. Closing of the meeting
   1. The meeting was closed at 20:30.
