# The Source Code (Articles of Association)

The following paragraphs state the rules by which the SRC association will be
ran.

**§ 1 Company Name, Seat and Language.** The non-for-profit is called Stockholm
Research Center, official abbreviation SRC, based in Stockholm, Sweden. The
official language of the non-for-profit is English. 

**§ 2 Purpose.** SRC is a non-for-profit association. SRC’ goal is to, through
its operation,  advance humanity, specifically our interaction with technology,
our understanding of technology, and technology itself.

SRC aims to reach this goal by conduction and publication of scientific
research, production, and/or maintainance of technology in the fields of Human
Computer Interaction, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Hardware
Engineering, and Arts. Furthermore, SRC aims to reach this goal by the
promotion of technological education, creation of educational resources, and
organization of communities around particular technologies.

SRC is politically unbound. 

SRC can organize fundraising and publishing activities, as well as accept
grants. 

**§ 3 Fiscal and Operational Year.** 1st January — 31st December.

**§ 4 Decision Making Process.** The Annual General Meeting (AGM): the forums
for members to address their concerns. Highest decision making organ within the
non-for-profit. The AGM appoints the board members and the President. The
decision of which at least two-thirds (⅔) agree upon is the final decision of
the AGM. Concerns that require absolute majority are liability actions against
the Board or its members and dissolution of the non-for-profit. Absolute
majority refers to at least nine tenths (9/10) of the Members with voting
rights.  The Board: is responsible for the running concerns within the
non-for-profit. The board is quorum if more than half of the board is present
during a decision making. The decision which more than half of the board votes
for is the decision taken by the board. In the event of a tie the President of
the Board has the casting vote. The Board is free to appoint its members to
roles it deems necessary as well as outsource responsibilities outside of the
Board if absolutely necessary. Concerns that require absolute majority are:
exclusion of members.  The President is the head of the Board. S/he is
responsible for arranging Board meetings when necessary and is the head at the
meeting. S/he leads the work of the Board.  The Non-for-profit should have an
Auditor in charge of the books for the Fiscal Year. The Auditor should be
appointed by the AGM for one year at a time.

**§ 5 Authorized to sign the Non-for-profit name.** The name of SRC is signed
together by the President and one additional Board-member or an authorized
person by the Board. The person signing should be over the age of 18.

**§ 6 Invitation to the AGM.** The AGM is held within six (6) months of the end
of the Fiscal Year. The AGM should be invited through email at least four (4)
weeks prior to the Annual Meeting, but no earlier than six (6) weeks prior to
the meeting. The Invitation should contain the agenda for the Annual Meeting as
well as information about voting rights. 

**§ 7 Extra AGM.** Under certain circumstances there should be an extra AGM.
The extra AGM can be proposed by the majority of the Board or be requested to
the board in written by one tenth (1/10) of the Members who have voting rights.
The Invitation to an extra AGM should follow the same rules as the ones for an
ordinary AGM. 

**§ 8  Rules of Operation.** The Annual General Meeting (AGM): the forums for
members to address their concerns. Highest decision making organ within the
non-for-profit.


The Board: is responsible for the running concerns within the non-for-profit.
The Board is free to appoint its members to roles it deems necessary as well as
outsource responsibilities outside of the Board if absolutely necessary. The
Board is responsible for hiring personnel to achieve the Purpose under § 2 if
necessary. 

The President: is the head of the Board. S/he is responsible for arranging
Board meetings when necessary and is the head at the meeting. S/he leads the
work of the Board.

The Auditor: The Non-for-profit should have an Auditor in charge of the books
for the Fiscal Year. The Auditor should be appointed by the AGM for one year at
a time.

The Members conduct the research, development, maintenance, educational and
community organization activities of the association as volunteers. Activities
need to be supported by at least two members for them to be considered within
the scope of the association. Members are not required to participate of any
particular SRC activity.

**§ 9 Membership.** SRC is open to new members. The Board approves members and
has the right to debar any member upon serious violation of the Articles of
Association. Everyone with an interest in the topics described under § 2, can
join and stay as Members of the SRC provided that they conform with § 9 and the
Code of Conduct.

**§ 10 Membership Fee.** The Membership Fee is decided for one (1) Fiscal Year
at a time by the AGM. The Fee goes directly into the running costs of the
non-for-profit. The Membership Fee is a condition for Membership. 

**§ 11 Voting Rights.** Every current member over the age of 16 can vote at the
AGM.

**§ 12 Description of the Board.** The Board of the non-for-profit should
consist of a minimum of three (3) board members. The Board is elected for one
(1) Fiscal Year. The Board is appointed by the AGM.

**§ 13 Economy.** The Books should be turned to the Auditor at least four (4)
weeks before the AGM for review. The Auditor should write an Auditor review and
turn it to the Board at least two (2) weeks before the AGM.  The non-for-profit
can accept grants, donations, gifts and wills as well as own properties for its
activities. 

**§ 14 Rules for Changing the Articles of Association.** Changes to the
Articles of Association can only be made by the AGM. 

**§ 15 Rules for Dissolution.** In the event of dissolution, all remaining
resources will be donated to an agreed non-for-profit entity. Dissolution is
agreed by absolute majority at two consecutive AGMs.
